[docs] Documentation restructure (#559)
elastic/apm-agent-ruby: docs/introduction.asciidoc

endif::[]

[[introduction]]
== Introduction

The Elastic APM Ruby Agent sends performance metrics and error logs to the APM Server.
It has built-in support for <<getting-started-rails,Ruby on Rails>> and other
<<getting-started-rack,Rack-compatible>> applications.
It also offers an API which allows you to instrument any application.

[float]
[[how-it-works]]
=== How does the Agent work?

The agent auto-instruments <<supported-technologies,supported technologies>> and records interesting events,

> like HTTP requests and database queries. To do this, it {NEED CONTENT HERE}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like HTTP requests and database queries. To do this, it uses relevant public APIs where such are provided by the libraries or, if they aren't, carefully wraps the necessary internal methods.
```

Reviewer 2: maybe break it up into two sentences? `uses relevant public APIs when they are provided by the libraries. Otherwise, it carefully wraps the necessary internal methods.`

Reviewer: Sure – try a one of those code suggestion comments :)

This means that for the supported technologies, there are no code changes required.

> The Agent automatically {NEED CONTENT HERE} to measure their duration and metadata (like the DB statement),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent automatically keeps track of your queries to your data stores to measure their duration and metadata (like the DB statement),
```

Reviewer 2: I suggest `keeps track of queries to your data stores`

Reviewer: Same as above. GH is fancy!

Reviewer 2: I removed the first `your` ; )

as well as HTTP related information (like the URL, parameters, and headers).

These events, called Transactions and Spans, are sent to the APM Server.
The APM Server converts them to a format suitable for Elasticsearch, and sends them to an Elasticsearch cluster.

> You can then use the APM app in Kibana to gain insight into latency issues and error culprits within your application.

Author: @mikker / @estolfo -- Part of this PR is adding a section on how the Agent does instrumentation. This doesn't have to be super detailed, just an overview is fine. I've included a template here with some `{NEED CONTENT HERE}` markers. We don't have to follow this template if you have a better way to explain things. Anyway, I'll need some feedback from you to help fill in the blanks here.
